Data request for CISO by HP Data request for CISO byHP
Third Party teamsite access for the CISO Remediation-batch 2 Third Party teamsite access for the CISO Remediation Programme site
Incident Ciso Desktop Agent looking to be configured
Raised for AD CISO issue
red database Model Incident: Sharepoint Team Site  TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes Team Site not entirely sure if this is related to the CISO changes over the weekend
Please block the following URL(s) as approved/ requested by Aviva CISO: Please block the following URL(s) as approved/ requested by Aviva CISO: 
UNABLE TO ADD TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes
I am attempting to download a software installer from the internet. Please assign this ticket to CISO
Aviva Investors system owner deletions 16.03.15 Have attached the last major batch of AI deletes from this re-certification. We only have about 11 lines of access that we are still awaiting clarity on - so if these are to be removed we will send these through shortly. If you can do the necessary and confirm once completed, would be most appreciated. Any issues, please shout CISO
Team Site Recertification – Action Required - Unable to recertify Model Incident: Sharepoint Team Site User is still unable to recertify the site. error message attached, can you take another look at this please
Sharepoint team site - unable to edit permissions TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes
representing the non-production gold env agreed by CISO
This laptop is needed by CISO for security testing and requires to be rebuilt with base and core apps only and delivered. This will not be a personal laptop but used just for testing. Passing to local support to collect and rebuild laptop. Please rebuild existing laptop, this is not in use.
Authentication Failure Major Alert please raise with CISO
safeguard - Authenticate customer
Sophos - Authenticate customer
Iexpenses - unable to authenticate session Iexpenses - unable to authenticate session Remoted on via OCS and deleted cookies. All now well
unlock - Authenticate Customer unlock
password reset - Authenticate customer
Vulnrability Scanner unable to authenticate to AI servers Vulnerability Scanner unable to authenticate to AI servers Q1 Complaince Audit unable to complete.
WINDOWS 7 Authentication Incident logged.  Windows Authentication error Additional Info.The user receives a Windows Authentication message when trying to use a Virtual Machine. A rebuild may be required Affected Users
Outlook authentication issues Customer unable to log in to outlook. Just looping round prompting for password Remoted in and it started working again
VIA ACCOUNT - Authenticate Customer - Reset Password
Unix authentication was NOT successful the vulnerability scans produced the below results.
P2P Password Reset Authenticated customer Reset password
Not accepting password - Authenticate Customer - Reset Password
Unable to authenticate my credentials with Avivaworld. Ihave tried both Avivagroup and via able to access external websites, but any activity that requires my authentication