Recently I have been having issues with my latop as I'm not able to login successfully, even when using the correct username and password. It usually comes up with a message that I must contact ciso the security team.
So generally when I login to guidewire policycenter or guidewire claimcenter the screen layouts are unstable and I'm unable to view certain policies.
Everytime I try and login to my laptop I continually get authentication errors stating that ciso need to reset my account. This is so frustrating.
I have an issue with my guidewire policycenter application. Everytime I try and load the page it just hangs and therefore the guidewire logo disappears.
Recently having issues with guidewire policycenter. policycneter is a guidewire application.
Oracle Error Getting ORA Error
Oracle Financials password
Oracle outage handling. To handle the Oracle Outage on Release weekend.
Oracle iexpenses password
Oracle Issue: Oracle AR Missing Receipts Oracle Module Oracle AR Missing receipts Bank account number
Oracle Watchlist User is unable to launch oracle watchlist . See error attached 'unable to launch'
install java for oracle app install java for oracle app for
Error oracle not launching requiring update
Oracle Fin password reset Model Incident: ORACLE OTHER AI 2nd Line Service Request: Oracle Password reset
Oracle client install APP_ORCL_CLIENT_06 requested to be installed onto machine
FL no AG/Oracle account -  No account in AD or Oracle WD
oracle watchlist wont load oracle watchlist wont load, Java security error.
Oracle Fiancials password reset Model Incident: Service Request: Oracle Password Reset Application: Oracle Financials
Oracle Password Reset Application: oracle
Oracle Password Reset Application: oracle financials pw reset
ORACLE FINANCIALS
Oracle Financials Oracle Financials Journals
Oracle Password Reset Application: Oracle Financials password
policy not showing on oracle after transfer from acturis Model Incident
Oracle Issue: Oracle access Oracle Module, if known Hi, I think my access to Oracle has been revoked. I need this for testing Guidewire policies. 
Guidewire applications are down. Policycenter Claimcenter
Guidewire services SVC GUIDEWIRE CLAIMCENTER SVC GUIDEWIRE CONTACTMANAGER SVC GUIDEWIRE POLICYCENTER These services are showing as pipeline. They are live services and need to be updated to reflect that. Please check any other HSN's or services that relate to Guidewire
Guidewire external  ClaimCenter url  down Guidewire URL unavailable.
Guidewire policy centre slow performance Guidewire policy centre slow performance.
Guidewire - Policy Error The Guidewire Sys and SIT Database Server is not responding?
Guidewire access deletion Hi Team, Please delete the guidewire access for the below leavers   Application Name Account Name Technical Access Level  
Guidewire - Policy Error .
Guidewire - Claims Error Raised in error
Missing external user for Guidewire The user is missing from the Prod external domain for Guidewire. It needs to be added to group
guidewire url issue the user is unable to access guidewire in their laptop, but they can access it on their other machines. When putting in the url he gets the error "page not found".
Guidewire failed request This incident raised to investigate the failed requests in guidewire on 31st Oct 2014 Policies which failed : Please find the attached sheet.
1 of 3 Guidewire servers unavailable 1 of 3 servers. Customers unable to update any policies within Guidewire Policy Centre application.
33% of customers unable to access Guidewire Policycentre 33% of customers unable to access Guidewire Policycentre
Guidewire Claim Centre unavailable External customers unable to access Guidewire Claim Centre
1 of 5 Guidewire servers out of memory. 1 of 5 Guidewire servers out of memory.
Guidewire new Oracle users required. please could the attached list of users be created on the Guidewire Oracle instances There are 35 users requests in total
Slow responses in Guidewire Policy Centre Application Slow responses in Guidewire Policy Centre Application
Guidewire Policy Center experiencing delays in document printing Guidewire Policy Center experiencing delays in document printing
Guidewire agile laptop requires rebuild Laptop requires a rebuild, this is an agreed process for guidewire who operate in an agile framework
Guidewire access delete Hi team, Below user had already left the Organisation. Kindly, remove Guidewire access for the below user. 
Guidewire - document failed to compose This incident is raised to investigate on why Guidewire request is failed to Compose documents
Internal colleagues experiencing intermittent slow responses when using Guidewire application. Internal colleagues experiencing intermittent slow responses when using Guidewire application. Guidewire Server issues
Guidewire remap Following the move to cloud for Guidewrire the following items are incorrectly mapped, can the following be actioned to ensure correct configuration and correct LOS charging 
Remove Guidewire Access Hi Team please remove all guidewire access for as this user has moved roles & no longer requires this for his new role thanks
Data request for CISO by HP Data request for CISO byHP
Third Party teamsite access for the CISO Remediation-batch 2 Third Party teamsite access for the CISO Remediation Programme site
Incident Ciso Desktop Agent looking to be configured
Raised for AD CISO issue
red database Model Incident: Sharepoint Team Site  TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes Team Site not entirely sure if this is related to the CISO changes over the weekend
Please block the following URL(s) as approved/ requested by Aviva CISO: Please block the following URL(s) as approved/ requested by Aviva CISO: 
UNABLE TO ADD TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes 
I am attempting to download a software installer from the internet. Please assign this ticket to CISO
Aviva Investors system owner deletions 16.03.15 Have attached the last major batch of AI deletes from this re-certification. We only have about 11 lines of access that we are still awaiting clarity on - so if these are to be removed we will send these through shortly. If you can do the necessary and confirm once completed, would be most appreciated. Any issues, please shout CISO
Team Site Recertification – Action Required - Unable to recertify Model Incident: Sharepoint Team Site User is still unable to recertify the site. error message attached, can you take another look at this please
Sharepoint team site - unable to edit permissions TeamSite not accessible after CISO changes 
representing the non-production gold env agreed by CISO
 This laptop is needed by CISO for security testing and requires to be rebuilt with base and core apps only and delivered. This will not be a personal laptop but used just for testing. Passing to local support to collect and rebuild laptop. Please rebuild existing laptop, this is not in use.
Authentication Failure (Major) Alert 18: Authentication Failure
safeguard - Authenticate customer
Sophos - Authenticate customer
Iexpenses - unable to authenticate session Iexpenses - unable to authenticate session Remoted on via OCS and deleted cookies. All now well
unlock - Authenticate Customer unlock
password reset - Authenticate customer
Vulnrability Scanner unable to authenticate to AI servers Vulnerability Scanner unable to authenticate to AI servers Q1 Complaince Audit unable to complete.
WINDOWS 7 Authentication Incident logged.  Windows Authentication error Additional Info.The user receives a Windows Authentication message when trying to use a Virtual Machine. A rebuild may be required Affected Users
Outlook authentication issues Customer unable to log in to outlook. Just looping round prompting for password Remoted in and it started working again
VIA ACCOUNT - Authenticate Customer - Reset Password
Unix authentication was NOT successful the vulnerability scans produced the below results.
P2P Password Reset Authenticated customer Reset password
Not accepting password - Authenticate Customer - Reset Password
Unable to authenticate my credentials with Avivaworld. Ihave tried both Avivagroup and via able to access external websites, but any activity that requires my authentication
GI Claims Recovery :Cisco Finesse Supervisor Agent remote monitoring is not working:1 Application :
Cisco Finesse access request Hi Team, Please could you set up Cisco Finess access for the following new starter
My colleague needs access to Finesse but it seems she only has Finesse 1 installed on her profile and not Finesse 4. please can you clone my access so she can access finesse on her laptop or any desktop she is sat at?
Are Vodafone able to advise why there is any possible reason why  Cisco Finesse in particular to run slowly - please be advised that this is also under investigation, the customer has asked us to reach out to you specifically as Cisco Finesse appears to be most adversely affected by this software. 
Yes User reporting 5 home users have been logged out of Finesse and can no longer log on. Finesse will not load. 
Cisco Finesse Supervisor Agent remote monitoring is not working
Cisco desktop Cisco desktop will not open.
CISCO AGENT  [PRD](CISCO AGENT) CISCO AGENT [PRD](CISCO AGENT) not opening
cisco any connect cisco issue home worker
reinstall cisco agent reinstall cisco agent
Cisco Cisco Agent desktop keeps crashing
Cant open cisco agaent desktop Cant open cisco agent desktop
Cisco anyconnect user cannot log onto anyconnect
User needs to be setup on Cisco VPN system User needs to be setup on Cisco VPN system
members of staff are faced with a Cisco Screen which will not allow them to click on the 'login button'. When each agent moves to another PC they are able to login fine. 
Hardphone configuration issue Model Incident notifies phone is being used by another agent Exact Error Message
User is unable to log out of their hardphone User is unable to log out of their hardphone
wires pulled out back of hardphone - waiting for phone to reconfigure , never reconfigured. When wires were inserted it didn't click, so likely that these are to become loose again.
User approached local support as her hardphone has been sitting on `Ethernet Disconnected` since the weekend. I rebooted the hardphone and ensured that the cables were secure but the problem persists 
Hardphone not working the screen is completely dead, all 6 buttons flash every 2 to 3 seconds.
all calls going through to voicemail
User contacted to report that when using headset and pressing "green button" to activate, headset is completely unresponsive and button enables loud speaker of hardphone itself. -Phone was working fine with headset all last week -issue developed for first time this week Please can you advise on this matter?
Headset not picking up calls through the the headset - forced to use the handset
 Needs extension number changing
Believe the issue to be with the hardphone as the PC looses connection, soon as the phone is called the PC then picks up the network again
Not able to use it as there is no dialing tone.  All cables have been checked on the phone and no issues there. 